# ADQDA
## README

### Background
ADQDA is a research prototype built on top of Webstrates/Codestrates (https://codestrates.projects.cavi.au.dk/docs/tutorial/), demonstrating the vision of a fluid and holistic qualitative data analysis experience. Details in published Paper: ADQDA: A Cross-device Affinity Diagramming Tool for Fluid and Holistic Qualitative Data Analysis. Proc. ACM Hum.-Comput. Interact.5, ISS, Article 489 (November 2021), 19 pages. https://doi.org/10.1145/3488534

### System components

* ADQDA-demo: “Interface” webstrate. Based on user’s choice of view using the navigation bar, it loads the selected webstrate as current <iframe> element.

* coding-view: “Coding” webstrate. It embeds the Raw Material documents and Database webstrate. It implements functions such as highlighting and coding. 

* affinity-diagram-view: “Diagramming” webstrate. It embeds the diagramDB webstrate which stores the position information of notes. It implements functions such as dragging and clustering notes. Changing a diagram will reloads the corresponding diagramDB (diagramDB-xxx, based on the user assigned diagram's name e.g. diagramDB-Tasks, diagramDB-Processes...).

* meta-diagram-view: “Meta-Diagramming” webstrate. It embeds its lower-level diagram and its own diagramDB. 

* diagramDB: A template webstrate to store position information of notes in a diagram (using the DOM tree, which will be automatically synchonised to other clients in Webstrates). More concrete database webstrates can be generated by prototyping this webstrate.

* ADQDA-database: "Database” webstrate that stores all information on notes, theme notes and cluster relationships in its DOM tree. 


### Update Log
